---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "balena_device Data Source - terraform-provider-balena"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source provides information about a device given its unique UUID.
---

# balena_device (Data Source)

This data source provides information about a device given its unique UUID.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the device. This value is unique across all fleets.

### Read-Only

- `created` (String) The time the device was created, represented as a string in ISO-Format.
- `custom_latitude` (String) The custom latitude of the device. This will return null if never set.
- `custom_longitude` (String) The custom longitude of the device. This will return null if never set.
- `description` (String) The description of the device, representing the `note` field returned by the API.
- `device_name` (String) The display name of the device. This value is unique within a fleet -- the device is only aware of the display name when bootstrapped.
- `device_type_id` (Number) The ID of the device type. These IDs can be retrieved via the `device_type` API.
- `fleet_id` (Number) The ID of the fleet. More information on the fleet can be found in the `balena_fleet` data source.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address of the device on the local area network.
- `last_connectivity_event` (String) The last connectivity event of the device
- `last_vpn_event` (String) The last vpn event of the device
- `latitude` (String) The longitude of the device. If the device is using a proxy, the latitude will be of the proxy.
- `longitude` (String) The longitude of the device. If the device is using a proxy, the longitude will be of the proxy.
- `mac_addresses` (List of String) The MAC addresses of the device.
- `os_version` (String) The OS version on the device.
- `pinned_release_id` (Number) The ID of the pinned release of the device. If the device is tracking latest, this ID will be null.
- `public_ip_address` (String) The public IP address of the network.
- `running_release_id` (Number) The ID of the running release of the device.
- `supervisor_version` (String) The supervisor version on the device.
